The Joe Rogan experience. That's funny. That's awesome.
But I might move New York too. Cause you know,
somebody got to shake something up and I feel like shaking something up and then
I get very tired. Let's go to Hawaii. But uh,
you know, I just, the thing I mostly want to shake up is, uh,
comics be brave, stick up for each other. Now,
if you guys had stuck out more for me, I think it would have stopped,
but you ignored it. Cause you're like, well, she is a whole.
Anyway, she's done a lot of.
I think sometimes when the hits the fan with certain people,
other folks get nervous, it's going to come at them if they defend you.
Of course. But you know, now they're starting,
it's real weird to see a turnaround like piers Morgan, you know, he,
he was quick to call me a racist on his show. He said, sure,
she's absolutely racist to have compared this and Matt and saying,
she looks like this, but of course I never said that.
That's his interpretation of what I said,
which now he has a little bit more time away from,
so he's just called and said he would love to interview me.
And my publicist said, well, after calling her race, I doubt that will happen.
And he said, well, I'm very sorry. And I want to apologize to her. I, I reacted,
uh, you know, a knee jerk reaction as.
So recognizing. And he's he wrote some,
he did some stuff about it recently where he was on.
I think he was on the Ben Shapiro show where he was talking about it and there
was a clip. And I actually read.
I'm going to do a Jew beat down on that Ben Shapiro one of these days. Yep.
Why? Because he needs it. What does he need to be tough?
Because he's a young man. That's how I'm going to talk to people.
Now listen to me, young man, you may think, you know,
a thing or two about Judaism, but you do not know as much as I know.
So you sit down and listen. That's what I'll.
Say. Well, maybe he would just listen to you don't have to do all that.
Well, I just did it. So.
Anyway, piers Morgan has been talking a lot about how ridiculous this outrage
culture is.
And they call, they call it that cause of my show, nobody else got canceled.
You know, what's her name called the president's Jewish daughter,
ACU word to see you next Tuesday and not napping to her.
Cause she liked Hillary. I mean,
it's just going to show it just was all partisan. And our,
our media is that belongs to the people. The,
the airways are the people's AirWave.
Another way to show a private public money going into private
hands, uh, through corporate maneuvering. But, um, the,
the airwaves are belong to the public. So you can't use the public airwaves.
I see it way. I see it, uh, to, to, uh,
dumb down the public.
So they won't vote for you not putting poison in their community
or their food.
It's all a scam from top to bottom.
It's all a scam. Every bit of it it's going to implode. It is imploding.
I don't think society,
as long as people have love in their hearts for their children and their
children's friends and each other and community
To Tiana collapse.
I don't want to get back to this 700 years of artificial intelligence.
To explain it for the last however.
Long mean, what do you mean by artificial intelligence?
How is artificial intelligence running.
It's MK ultra mind control a mind control program that shoved down the
throats of a, of a populace of a captive population.
Like what is happening when you say MK ultra mind control
artificial intelligence, like what, what is happening to us?
Well,
we're being bred for a certain things
or, well, we were bred, but we're being activated for certain things.
And I'm mostly talking about the mentally ill because I can see where, uh,
you know, all these things, these terrible things that happened,
that was a mentally ill person who had mental health issues.
And that's why it needs to be talked about and mental health issues come in,
all colors, sizes and preferences. And, um,
it's time to seriously do something about it rather than just looking the other
way.
As people die in filth on your fancy streets in of America,
we can't do this. We have to have something else.
It can't be what it has been either.
It has to be a synthesis between all sorts of economic plans.
And Johnny and I, we talked about this 24 7, me and my boyfriend.
That's all we live for is to come up with a solution. And we talk about, uh,
people ism, which is, uh, a hybrid has to be a synchrony,
a synchronized hybrid of, um,
uh, they use of money, uh, uh, of, of, uh, of
making capitalism,
local and kind,
which we can't believe nobody's thought of it yet,
but this was part of my green plan for the peace and freedom party,
the socialist in 2012. Well, I see that the, uh,
Ocasio solitude,
whatever her name is or NASCIO saw AOC, I can't remember.
Well, she took my green, she took my green thing and it up.
And I'm because I did think I did put forth solutions. In fact,
I, before Trump, I was the only, uh,
politician running for any kind of office who came out with solutions.
And I thought that I influenced Trump because I ran my campaign
totally on Twitter and self-financed and, um,
uh, you know, all those things and talking about a plan to make a move,
to make our communities work for us, the.
Citizens. So are you in contact with him? Yeah. Little, a little bit. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah. It's so exciting
as it's not going to Jagger rockstar, but he's bigger than Jagger.
He's bigger than the Pope. I mean, he is.
And what happened today in the Vatican?
That's what I was going to ask you today. Did you see, you saw it right? What.
Did you see? I haven't even looked at the news.
Let's check in with conspiracy.
Headquarters. Jamie's I.
Mean, on the internet, Jamie.
What does it say about the opposite? What happened.
According to.
Yeah, there was a rate,
a rate of the Vatican five officials and employees versus spending
to do with finances. Really? Oh, finances.
It should be.
No, no, I'm.
Dead. Bodies.
Were taken.
Oh, a lot of kid born. Yes.
There'll be a lot of horrible. Like any place you look,
whether it's in the church or.
Yeah, but the Vatican's like uniquely gross in that regard. I mean.
30 Women who live in that city, you know that it's its own nation.
Nation. Yeah.
And there's 30 women in that nation. So what does that tell you? That kind,
it tells you something, I think.
Well, when they were looking for that missing girl, when they found bodies.
Yeah. And then the kids come through there, dozens of bones.
A lot, a lot.
A lot of teachers bring their students there to see history because it does have
history.
That's what makes me mad is when it has a history of art and it's all art is
totally compromised by church and state.
So that the only way you can see it is by supporting their war on us,
something else is going to happen.
Like Tiffany's talking about a new way of, um,
art, you know, it's kind of like crowdsource art. I, I just like those ideas,
like, well, what have we made a movie that way? That'd be cool.
Which Amy, what is the,
what's the rate about like what I'm trying to read and it.
Financial information and computers.
Will take it because it's being invested. And it was.
The, the moment it was the Vatican police who did it. That's, what's so great.
Because for a long time I've been saying, or feeling like, you know,
all the good people are coming together and leaving the bad people by the side
of the way, which that's what we have to do. Right.
We cannot include those parts of our peoples who are bad
anymore. And that's how they worked us for a couple of generations here.
But now we gotta let our own bad people go and we're not,
we don't protect nothing bad. We embrace good in every other,
all worldwide good comes to good. And, uh, it,
it even happened with the Vatican police. The good, uh,
cause I always say like when I talk spirituality,
I know you don't care about astrology or any of those things that I'm into.
But I felt like, uh,
the good was winning over the bad for a long, long time now.
And I'm tipping the balance.
And this was proof to me because it's like the good came together
against the bad together. That's what's going to happen everywhere.
It is happening.
It's just really chilling and wonderful to think about the things that,
you know, uh,
president Trump has done by just by one or two actions he's
taken well. He's so nice to Jewish people, Joe,
he's the only president in the whole Western world. Whoever liked us.
Really? Yeah. He liked us moms. Are you kidding? No.
Now, no, no.
No.
No, no. In another whole way.
No he don't. He, he liked some, he likes.
What else has trumped on that? You really like?
Well, when his daughter is there,
she will light the Sabbath candles in the white house on Friday night Ivanka.
So you're.
Just all about anything. Jewish.
Not anything only the good, I don't like the bad.
I'm not going to for the good and the good is, Hey,
we have the ability to really fix some.